Almost 5 years in QA and I hardly found any good testing conference to attend. This time I was lucky enough to get the information about "World Conference Next Generation Testing 2017" by Unicom. It was a two days conference and I managed to get a super early bird ticket for the same! Yay!!

The conference was very informative and innovative where I got to know many new trends in Agile and QA. I got to learn from Anne-Marie Charrett (Sydney) that quality will always be the team's responsibility and not only QA's part of responsibility. When everyone can be coached for quality, it always leads to higher product quality altogether. Getting out of comfort zone for performing good at our pre-defined tasks brings motivation to the job.

Some industry misinterpretations were cleared by another powerful speaker, Baris Sarialioglu from Istanbul. I learnt that 'Agile does not mean no docs, no release notes and no bug reports' or 'Agile also does NOT mean that no duties or roles to be assigned'. One important learning from his presentation which cleared one of my old perspective is that always focusing on time will surely lose the focus on quality. This is rather an important learning for each and every team in Wingify. While keeping in mind the quick release of features, the Pareto principle can also be thought of which says "80% of the users use 20% of the features". While the industry is stressing more for automation, it should always be thought about that how one can benefit out of it. This cleared the idea of how and what needs to be automated. While sharing his own vast experience, he shared that the technology which can't be tested should not be picked up for development. I also learnt that automation of a system won't always be considered as the performance matrix for QA. 

The next panel discussion by very knowledgeable people taught me a bunch of meaningful things. The key takaways of that discussion are 

*) Train the developers so that they will also be aware about the quality.
*) Work on minimizing the gap of developer and QA. It will have very positive effects on the product quality.

I had a pretty good lunch there and the post luch sessions/talks started in tracks. The first amazing talk was given by Anand Bagmar, Director-Quality of Vuclip Inc. Even though it was a post lunch talk but it was interesting since I got to know how a Device lab was setup in Vuclip for cross device testing and how the challenges were faced and resolved by his team. Some of the important key takeaways are- Blue print is neessary for automation, experimentation should happen with management's strong support and to make any product testable. Next talk which I attended was given by  strong person Kishan Sundar who is serving as VP in Maveric Systems in Chennai. I learnt that, QA should be involved right from the beginning of the product/feature development. Here pairing of QA with development team for clearing requirements and specifications is useful to avoid friction during the QA.
